yes, a wonderful afternoon
here is again pearl tv with this one
gadget of the day is ripe and I will
Now try our two devices
Start here for at least 1 of them
and I look forward to it because the
here is really a classic from
quadrocopter four engines and here in front
yet he takes an extra camera and
a hd so I have to say I was already
as a toddler so totally fascinated about
helicopter where everything flies and
now these quadrocopter are the ones
of course, again a piece better and
I see you are profi but that
can actually be a lay fast
has to learn within five minutes
the shots and then the movements
Can you fly that part and you have
It just mentions it is really great
is of course still a hd camera with
board and so I can mine
Environment excellent filming up to 800
photos or
30 minutes of video recordings are
so possible and I'll take some photos
from a completely different perspective
and the whole thing is then saved on
a sd card I then without
make problems when their calculation
can and rest there once around again
watch and harry on the man
back to the child or those are toys
I spend hours with them
can deal with
but now we have a first
Zuspieler shows our colleague how
the whole thing works so i realize
the camera even has problems with that
to follow the plane fast and clear
maneuverable and he survives that way
easy crash so if you like it now
poor catches you then can also
let's go but he puts it without
problems away
So you do not have to worry that
get a once let down
then yes even one today
protection corp which one can order
so that the rotors too
You should be protected more often
so my fear that indoor plants
We already have some leaves with us
clearly blessed because you do not have that much
So let's try it again
to get the thing in the air that way
funny whenever i go to then too
said hello to my father
I like it because you do not need something like that
that meanwhile also a need
you do not but it is incredibly fun
and once you are like that
Then you want to develop a fever
do not stop then you are
fascinated by the flow characteristics
our patrol koppers and then I can
can we go fly at night the
has wonderful LED lights on customers
and unauthorized trips was you
but shalt our our cameramen
please do not fresh save the
All were my thumbs first, I hope
it comes down to some extent how much
By the way , we have fun there
also three speed levels
So this can be slower
for the beginner to try and
then of course advanced and the
Profiles when they were professionals back then
sometimes fly at night that they have animals
out and just with these four rotors that
There are no motorless rotors there
was very flexible and you
is also very stable in the air yes
and the recordings you as
unique
they gnaw my ladies can harry can
Do not stop because that's how it is
is a real addiction potential 94 eur
91 that's the price for 100, by the way
great quadrocopter here and we see
here again in the recordings
even at dusk how great the
looks yes and the order as the
mx 12 32 and the 5600 times right
fun is not just fun for the little ones
even the big kids just that
You do not show that in the game
remembered that there is such a thing
want
yes, there was the first styrofoam base
flirting and that was not so stable and
now he has even one more year in the
the thing keeps stable down here then
these cameras and with this chip
cards put the bet in the back
and then you can take great pictures
do
So that's something I mean
plane park will be expanded again so
have fun in addition to great
recordings and again for little
lent money fulfilled her
childhood-dream